
                aRobot Agent Information

The aRobotAgent application creates an instance of an 
aRobot API and it serves this API on a socket interface
for remote use.  One example of using this is our aRobot
Java interface.  This Java interface interacts through
this socket interface allowing for a very lightweight
interface on the Java side that will automatically
follow any changes to the basic API.

To run the agent, you first need to specify which .robot
API file will be used for the exectution instance.  This
is done with a file on non command line versions and it
is specified on the command line for other versions.

In Windows and the MacOS interfaces, this setting for 
the API file resides in a file called aRobotAgent.config
In this file, you can have a single line that sets the 
API file for use in execution.  For example, if you are 
using the Garcia API, you would have a line like:

api_name = garcia_api.robot

You will also need a configuration file for the api's 
link(s).  This file by default takes the same name as 
the api being used.  For the above example, the config
file would be "garcia_api.config".  In the case of a 
garcia, this file might have a few lines like:

baudrate = 38400
camera-boom = yes
portname = tts/2

With these configurations, you should be able to serve
the API over TCP/IP and determine which API you would 
like to serve.  Finally, you can specify the parameters
for the BrainStem link or links using the .config files.

----------- Thanks for using our aRobot API! -----------
